JinSoul: Looks so delicious!
ViVi: Such a cute small cake~
Choerry: Wow, it looks good~~
JinSoul: What do you want to eat the most right now?
Choerry: (Simple) Cake.
JinSoul: I want to eat warm food
Choerry: Coffee?
JinSoul: Tteok-mandu-guk!
Choerry: Ah~
ViVi: I want to drink cafe latte
JinSoul: I guess the important symbol of our last unit is fruit.
JinSoul: Just my reasoning~!
Yves: My symbol is apple, and Chuu's is strawberry!
Yves: So probably third fruit will be….
JinSoul: (Tropical?) Durian!
Yves: Durian?
JinSoul: Let’s match fruits to members in our own way!
JinSoul: First, HeeJin!
Yves: Banana…
Choerry: HeeJin’s fruit is banana?
Yves: And HyunJin’s fruit is watermelon?
JinSoul: What is HaSeul’s fruit?
ViVi: Pear?
(Oh. It matches with her a little bit well!)
JinSoul: What’s YeoJin’s fruit?
JinSoul: Kking Kkang? (Kumquat)